{\rtf1\adeflang60488\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff30\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f30\froman\fcharset1\fprq2{\*\panose 00000400000000000000}Sendnya;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\f114\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f115\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f117\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f118\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f119\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f120\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f121\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f122\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f154\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Helvetica CE;}{\f155\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Helvetica Cyr;}{\f157\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Helvetica Greek;}{\f158\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Helvetica Tur;}{\f159\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Helvetica (Hebrew);}
{\f160\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Helvetica (Arabic);}{\f161\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Helvetica Baltic;}{\f162\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Helvetica (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fcs1 \af30\afs24\alang60488 \fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fcs1 \af0\afs20 \fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2106290}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}
{\info{\author esahnell}{\operator esahnell}{\creatim\yr2009\mo11\dy9\hr8\min14}{\revtim\yr2009\mo11\dy9\hr8\min14}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords2130}{\nofchars12144}{\*\company Rockwell Automation}{\nofcharsws14246}{\vern16389}}
\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot2106290 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fcs1 \af30\afs24\alang60488 \fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fcs1 \ab\af4 \fcs0 \b\f4\insrsid2106290 
Fantastle Version History}{\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290 
\par 
\par V5.00-dev5 (unreleased): Fixed a bug that made effects modifying Maximum HP or Maximum MP not work correctly.}{\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290  Added combat-usable items to the game.}{\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290 
\par 
\par V5.00-dev4 (10/31/2009): Fixed another crashing bug in the battle engine. Added a new Extras menu, with options to start earlier major versions of Fantastle, Dungeon Diver, and Maze Runner. All are embedded into the program, and can be invoked at any time
. The embedded versions have had a few things changed, such as the removal of the update checker, and the removal of the GUI for any associated preferences for the update checker. 
All of the embedded programs have version numbers newer than the last release for that particular series - this is deliberate. Note that once one of the embedded programs has been invoked, the only way to return to Fantastle 5
, or switch to a different embedded program, is to quit and re-launch the game. Removed the preference for hiding the Debug menu - it is now always visible. Added 2 new objects: Controllable Teleports and One-Shot Controllable Teleports.
\par 
\par V5.00-dev3 (10/24/2009): Emergency fix for a crashing bug that made V5.00-dev2 unplayable.
\par 
\par V5.00-dev2 (10/23/2009): Saved game format changed again, due to other additions. Revamped the item system - got rid of the old weapons and armor, and replaced them with 2 caste-specific weapon choices - one 1-handed, the other 2-handed - and 12
 different kinds of armor, that are the same for all castes. It is now possible to equip two one-handed weapons at once, as well, but note: doing so forfeits your ability to equip a shield. 
Added music to the game, and a new set of preferences for controlling it. Changed the way monster names are generated: Now, any monster can appear at any level. Dramatically increased the level at which The Boss is encountered, from 13 to 60. 
Boosted the boss's bonus level relative to yours. Monsters now have equipment of their own (making the monsters a little tougher than they used to be). Added an equipment viewer to the Game menu. 
Unified the Show Inventory dialog so that it shows both objects and items in inventory, and made it consistent in style with the Use an Item\'85 dialog. The contribution to defense rating by equipping armor is one-
tenth of what it used to be; this is of course offset by the multiple varieties of armor now available. Adjusted the distribution of monster spells per level to reflect these changes. Changed the Inventory Dialog to show Regular Boots instead of Boots: 
None, when you aren't wearing any special boots.
\par 
\par V5.00-dev1 (10/16/2009): Changed the maze and saved game formats. Older mazes can be opened without conversion; older saved games cannot be opened or converted. Removed the entire Message section of the Preferences, and all the associated settings. 
All creatures (the player, monsters, and the boss) now have 6 new statistics. Added a bunch of support code to use these new statistics. Improved the battle engine: It is now possible to steal Gold from the enemy, or drain the enemy\rquote s MP. 
It is also possible for you and the enemy to act more than once per round. Redid the player attributes system: Got rid of the old Classes and replaced these with Races, Castes, Faiths, Genders, and Personalities. There are now 1,000,000
 possible starting characters. Added a new Mobile Mode preference, which, when enabled, restricts window sizes to 320x480 and uses half-size graphics, intended to simulate use of Fantastle on a mobile device (iPod touch, smartphone, PDA, etc.). 
Added a new loading screen to address the long time for the game to start initially.
\par 
\par V4.40 (10/10/2009): Added support for cutting levels, inserting levels from the clipboard, and going to a specific location in the editor. Refactored the code internally.
\par 
\par V4.30 (10/04/2009): Modernized the maze loader. Added support for copying and pasting levels within the editor.}{\fcs1 \ab\af4 \fcs0 \b\f4\insrsid2106290 
\par 
\par }{\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290 V4.20 (08/31/2009): Fixed several compatibility problems with Fantastle and Snow Leopard (Mac OS X 10.6). Added the ability to resize levels, in addition to the existing add/remove level functionality. 
Added a meaningful error message for when an attempt to open a file fails because it's not a maze file.
\par }{\fcs1 \ab\af4 \fcs0 \b\f4\insrsid2106290 
\par }{\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290 V4.10 (08/28/2009): Renamed many objects. The letter keys and locks are now plugs and ports, and Rock is now Dirt, thanks to a user suggestion. 
Many objects also got graphical upgrades or tweaks, thanks again to a user suggestion. Rearranged the objects so that similar objects are together. Added support for the "WAXD" cont
rol scheme as an alternative to the numeric keypad, for users with keyboards that do not have a numeric keypad. See the manual for details on how the "WAXD" scheme works.
\par 
\par V4.00 (08/19/2009): Improved the user interface on all platforms. Fixed an old editor undo/redo bug that could cause objects to end up in places they shouldn't be. Fixed a battle bug that caused damage to be doubled unexpectedly. Added 16 new objects. 
Once more, the maze and saved game formats have changed. Just like the last time this happened, older mazes can be opened without conversion, but older saved games cannot. Cracked Walls and Bombs have been repurposed. 
All older mazes containing these objects will still work - Cracked Walls become Brick Walls, and Bombs become Hammers. Their functionality remains the same as before, despite the appearance and name changes. 
Additionally, the scores and preferences file formats changed in a backward-incompatible way. The game now remembers the last used folder for opening and saving. Removed some old bits of code that are no longer used. 
Fixed an old redraw bug and an effect scaling bug. Fixed 2 old editor bugs.}{\fcs1 \ab\af4 \fcs0 \b\f4\insrsid2106290 
\par 
\par }{\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290 V3.21 (06/11/2009): Fixed 5 bugs accidentally introduced in V3.20. Oops!}{\fcs1 \ab\af4 \fcs0 \b\f4\insrsid2106290 
\par 
\par }{\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290 V3.20 (06/06/2009): Restructured the code internally. Added weaker than normal hits to battles, as well as stronger than normal hits. Changed the message displayed when one of these hits occurs.}{\fcs1 \ab\af4 \fcs0 
\b\f4\insrsid2106290 
\par 
\par }{\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290 V3.10 (05/21/2009): Fixed bugs. Added player and monster fumbles to battles. Made the updater a lot smarter.}{\fcs1 \ab\af4 \fcs0 \b\f4\insrsid2106290 
\par 
\par }{\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290 V3.00 (05/17/2009): Added 45 new objects. Changed the maze and saved game formats again. Older mazes can be opened without conversion. Older saved games cannot be opened or converted. 
Merged Dungeon Diver's code into Fantastle, and enhanced it.
\par 
\par V2.10 (03/17/2009): Added the ability to add and remove levels while editing a maze.
\par 
\par V2.01 (03/12/2009): Fixed 5 bugs.
\par 
\par V2.00 (03/07/2009): Added 119 new objects. Changed the maze and saved game formats. A converter is now supplied with the game to convert older mazes, but saved games cannot be converted. Removed the dynamic limits introduced in V0.80
 beta and made them static instead.
\par 
\par V1.11 (01/10/2009): Fixed bugs.
\par 
\par V1.10 (01/01/2009): Added 3 new options to the Game menu - Reset Current Level, Show Current Score, and Show Score Table. Fixed even more bugs. Added score tracking support - the game now tracks the number of steps taken to solve a maze, and displays the 
10 lowest step scores. Reorganized the code internally. Changed the saved game format in such a way that the new format is 100% compatible with older versions of the game, and the old format 100% compatible with new versions.
\par 
\par V1.01 (12/27/2008): Fixed a few more bugs.
\par 
\par V1.00 (12/18/2008): Added an About Dialog to the game. Fixed the last few remaining bugs. Created an installer for Windows users.
\par 
\par V0.80 beta (12/15/2008): Fixed an issue with large maze creation times. Imposed new limits on maze size to fix an issue that caused mazes near the memory limit to not work properly. The limits work like this: 
There is an absolute upper limit on all dimensions of 64. Additionally, floors and levels are subject to a more restrictive upper limit that is dependent on the rows and columns chosen. This limit shrinks with greater row/column dimensions. 
Upgraded a few graphics - the appearance of cracked walls, water, and sunken blocks has changed, hopefully for the better.
\par 
\par V0.71 beta (12/07/2008): Fixed many bugs. Made random teleports a lot less frustrating than they used to be - now they'll always send you somewhere the first try.
\par 
\par V0.70 beta (12/04/2008): Fixed bugs and reorganized the code internally. Added a new sound for when push attempts fail.
\par 
\par V0.60 beta (11/09/2008): Second beta release. Sound support added. Preferences interface revamped - now divided into four tabs. Many new preferences added for turning sound effects on and off. Many bugs fixed.
\par 
\par Note to Mac OS X users: Due to a Mac OS X-specific bug in V0.50 beta, the extension of the preferences file has changed for Mac OS X users only, from plist to prefs. Your old preferences from V0.50
 will NOT be automatically imported, because this bug caused the program to crash. However, you can export your preferences from V0.50 then import them into V0.60 to work around this bug.
\par 
\par V0.50 beta (11/01/2008): First beta release. All known bugs fixed. The program now comes with a Maze Runner maze converter that updates Maze Runner mazes to the new format.
\par 
\par V0.40 alpha: Fixed more bugs, added export/import support to preferences.
\par 
\par V0.30 alpha: Fixed bugs.
\par 
\par V0.20 alpha: Fixed bugs, added updater feature.
\par 
\par V0.10 alpha: Took the Maze Runner V2.21 code base and completely overhauled it. This new code base is still fairly buggy.
\par 
\par }{\fcs1 \ab\af4 \fcs0 \b\f4\insrsid2106290 Maze Runner Version History}{\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290 
\par 
\par V2.21 (08/26/2007): Fixed a bug in the editor that caused placing objects not to work properly.
\par 
\par V2.20 (08/15/2007): Added undo and redo support to the editor. Added an option for clearing the undo/redo history to the Edit menu. Added a close command to the File menu. Removed the restriction preventing replaying a maze without reloading it - 
this also allows going into the editor and editing a maze right after playing it, as well as playing a maze as soon as it's been created in the editor. Somehow, I managed to break two-way teleporters in the editor in V2.10 - they're fixed now. 
Cleaned up the version history a bit. Made some internal changes that should minimize the chances of certain types of bugs rearing their ugly heads.
\par 
\par V2.10 (08/09/2007): Added menus to all screens. Removed the requirement to reload the maze after the graphics set or size is changed. 
Added the ability to change the graphics set and size, or any other preference, while playing or editing the maze, and made the program instantly reflect the new settings. Added a new menu - the Game menu - and two new menu items: 
Show Inventory and Use an Item. Added accelerator keys to all menu items except Exit. Removed the alternate key bindings introduced in V2.01 since they aren't needed anymore, and were responsible for several bugs.
\par 
\par V2.01 (07/28/2007): Added alternative key bindings for Inventory, Save, and Use to the game and editor. Fixed an issue with the Mac OS X release where the menus weren't showing up in the Mac OS menu bar as they were supposed to.
\par 
\par V2.00 (06/30/2007): Added 18 new objects: Pits (dump the player, a pushable block, or a pushable/pullable block down one floor when walked on or a block is pushed into it - impassable on floor 1 but can be filled by pushing a block into one), Tile (
a variety of ground that permits objects to be pushed and pulled over it), Pushable Blocks, Pullable Blocks, Pushable/Pullable Blocks, Ice (a frictionless object - anything that touches ice keeps moving until it hits something that isn't ice), Finish To
... (a special exit that takes the player to a level other than the next one in the maze), Sunken Blocks (created by pushing blocks into water - can be walked on and have objects pushed and pulled over them), Water (
normally impassable, but can be walked on if the Water-Walking Boots are in your inventory), Water-Walking Boots (permit walking on water), Annihilation Wand (destroys anything except the Void), Finish-Making Wand, Wall-Making Wand, Energy Sphere (
permits walking on force fields), Force Field (normally impassable unless an Energy Sphere is in your inventory), Teleport Wand (acts like a teleporter when used, but you can control the destination), Void (
surrounds the maze now, instead of walls, and is completely indestructible - it is immune to all wand effects; additionally, appears in the game as a Sealing Wall if next to anything other than other Void squares), and Exploding Walls (
explode when touched, causing other exploding walls next to it to also explode). Completely overhauled the graphics - there are two new sets now, instead of the "Default" set that older versions had, called Modern and Classic. Added multi-level support - 
now mazes with multiple levels can act as several distinct mazes, each with its own start and finish. If a Finish To... is used to send the player to a level they have already completed, that level will be restored to a pristine state. 
Made a major change to the saved game format, completely breaking backward compatibility with older saved games. Older mazes, though, still work. Fixed many, many bugs.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fcs1 \af4 \fcs0 \f4\insrsid2106290 V1.40 (06/13/2007): Added 1 new object - two-way teleporter (
behaves in pairs, just 
\par like stairs) - and fixed several bugs. Added a status bar at the bottom for displaying in- 
\par game and in-editor messages. Added color graphics (this was present in V1.30 also, 
\par but never documented). Turned the "Can't go that way" message on by default again. 
\par 
\par V1.30 (06/09/2007): Added 6 new objects: stairs up, stairs down (stairs behave in 
\par pairs), and 4 kinds of one-way wall. Fixed a bug in the editor that caused the 
\par coordinates to place an object to not be computed properly. 
\par 
\par V1.20 (05/11/2007): Added 6 new kinds of teleporter \endash  random, random invisible, one- 
\par shot, invisible one-shot, random one-shot, and random invisible one-shot; teleporter 
\par destinations are now set by clicking on the location for the teleporter to teleport to; 
\par added the ability to go back to the menu after solving a maze or editing a maze; 
\par changed message displayed when the player attempts to move outside the maze to 
\par \'93Can\rquote t go that way\'94 and turned that message off by default; added a check for the 
\par current maze or game needing to be saved, and a prompt for the user to save or not; 
\par fixed numerous bugs. 
\par 
\par V1.11 (05/07/2007): Fixed a bug in the editor. 
\par 
\par V1.10 (05/04/2007): Improved user interface. Added preferences dialog. 
\par 
\par V1.00 (05/02/2007): Initial Release.}{\fcs1 \af36 \fcs0 \f36\insrsid2106290 
\par }}