{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author esahnell}
{\*\company Rockwell Automation}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1800\margt1800\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri0\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Fantastle Manual
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri0\qc

\fs36 \cf0 Version 5.0.0-dev5 - Last Updated January 24, 2010
\fs32 \
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri0\qc

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Game Objective
\fs32 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 The overall goal of the game is to find and enter the finish for the particular maze being solved. Since you can make your own mazes, the exact way this is accomplished differs from maze to maze.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Menu Overview
\fs32 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i0\fs24 \cf0 File\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b0 \cf0 New
\i0 : Creates a new Maze. You can specify its dimensions. Rows and Columns cannot be less than 2 squares nor greater than 64 squares, and Floors and Levels not less than 1 nor greater than 8. A new Maze always starts with 1 Level - more can be added later.\

\i Open
\i0 : Opens an existing Maze.\

\i Close
\i0 : Closes the current Mode Window (Game or Editor, not the current Maze).
\i \
Save
\i0 : Saves the current Maze.\

\i Save As
\i0 : Saves the current Maze with a new name.\

\i Exit
\i0  (non-Mac OS X platforms only): Quits the Program.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Edit\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b0 \cf0 Undo
\i0 : Undoes the most recent action. This command is available only in the Editor.\

\i Redo
\i0 : Redoes the most recent action. This command is available only in the Editor.\

\i Cut Level
\i0 : Copies the active Level to the internal clipboard, then removes the Level. Not available if the active Maze has only one Level in it. This command is available only in the Editor. Note that Levels cannot be cut, copied or pasted outside Fantastle, but Levels can be moved or copied from one Maze to another.\

\i Copy Level
\i0 : Copies the active Level to the internal clipboard. This command is available only in the Editor. Note that Levels cannot be cut, copied or pasted outside Fantastle, but Levels can be moved or copied from one Maze to another.\

\i Paste Level
\i0 : Pastes the clipboard contents into the active Level, overwriting whatever is there, and then redraws the Editor. This command is available only in the Editor. Note that Levels cannot be cut, copied or pasted outside Fantastle, but Levels can be moved or copied from one Maze to another.\

\i Insert Level From Clipboard
\i0 : Pastes the clipboard contents into a new Level, appending it to the end of the Maze. This command is available only in the Editor. Note that Levels cannot be cut, copied or pasted outside Fantastle, but Levels can be moved or copied from one Maze to another.\

\i Go To\'85
\i0 : Prompts for a location, then moves the Editor view to be centered on that location.\

\i Preferences
\i0 : Allows configuration of various Game and Editor Settings.
\i \
Clear History
\i0 : Clears the Undo/Redo History. This command is available only in the Editor.\

\i Up One Floor
\i0 , 
\i Down One Floor
\i0 , 
\i Up One Level
\i0 , 
\i Down One Level, Add a Level..., Remove a Level...
\i0 : All these commands work only in the Editor, and are self-explanatory.\

\i Resize Current Level
\i0 : Changes the size of the active level. This command is available only in the Editor.\

\i Toggle Layer
\i0 : Switches between Ground Layer and Object Layer views. This command is available only in the Editor.\

\i Maze Preferences...
\i0 : Opens the Maze Preferences dialog, where settings specific to the current Maze can be set. This command is available only in the Editor.
\i \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i0\b \cf0 Play\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b0 \cf0 Play
\i0 : Allows solving the current Maze.\

\i Edit
\i0 : Allows modifying the current Maze. Note that invoking the Editor after opening a saved game will cause the saved state to be lost.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Game\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b0 \cf0 Show Equipment
\i0 : Shows everything you are wearing, along with the slot it occupies and its power. If nothing is equipped in a particular slot, this will be indicated. This command is only available while solving a Maze.\

\i Show Inventory
\i0 : Shows all Items you are carrying. This command is only available while solving a Maze.\

\i Use an Item...
\i0 : Allows using anything you\'92re carrying that can be explicitly used. This command is only available while solving a Maze.\

\i Reset Current Level
\i0 : Resets the current Level of the Maze you\'92re solving to its unsolved state. This is handy if you get stuck. This command is only available while solving a Maze.\

\i Show Current Score
\i0 : Displays how many Steps you\'92ve taken so far to solve this Maze. This command is only available while solving a Maze.\

\i Show Score Table
\i0 : Displays the 10 best Scores for this Maze. If no Scores have been recorded yet, all the Names and Scores will have default values. This command is only available while solving a Maze.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Debug
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i \cf0 View Image Cache
\i0 :
\i  
\i0 Peek at the contents of the Image Cache.\

\i View Monster Cache
\i0 :
\i  
\i0 Peek at the contents of the Monster Cache.\

\i Reset Preferences
\i0 : Resets all game preferences to their defaults.
\b \
Help
\b0 \

\i About Fantastle....
\i0 : Displays the Game\'92s About Box.\

\i Fantastle Help
\i0 : Displays this manual.\

\i Fantastle Object Help
\i0 : Displays a window listing all the Objects and a short description of what each one does.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Preferences Overview
\fs32 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 The Preferences are divided into four tabs: 
\i Editor
\i0 , 
\i Sound, Music, 
\i0 and 
\i Misc
\i0 . 
\i Editor
\i0  and 
\i Sound
\i0  are for Editor-related and sound-related settings, respectively. The 
\i Music 
\i0 tab controls whether or not the background music plays in various parts of the game. The 
\i Misc.
\i0  tab has five settings: whether or not to check for updated versions when the Game is started, whether or not to check for updated beta versions at startup (if using a release version, this setting is hidden), whether or not to operate in One Move at a Time mode, whether or not to enable Mobile Mode (limits window size to 320 by 320 and uses half-size graphics), and how frequently the automatic update check should be performed (once per day is the default).
\fs22 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Controls in the Game
\i0\fs48 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 Creating Your Character\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 When you choose Play from the Game menu, you'll be presented with 5 dialogs, for selecting your Race, Caste, Faith, Gender, and Personality. Each of these attributes affects you in different ways. There are 1,000,000 possible combinations, so feel free to experiment.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 \
Moving Around and Identifying Objects\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To move, use the arrow keys - Up, Down, Left, and Right. You can also use the Numeric Keypad, or the so-called "WAXD" configuration: W moves up, A moves left, D moves right, and X moves down. Additionally, diagonal movement is supported with WAXD: Q moves up and left, E moves up and right, Z moves down and left, C moves down and right. If you wish to move diagonally, the Numeric Keypad or the WAXD layout are the only ways to do this. Shift+Click an object to identify it. Its name will be displayed in the Message Area. If, for some reason, you need to make a "pass move" - that is, a do-nothing move, pressing 5 on the Numeric Keypad or the S key achieves this.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Shooting Arrows\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To shoot, hold down Alt/Option then use the arrow keys - Up, Down, Left, and Right, use the Numeric Keypad, or the WAXD layout. If you wish to shoot diagonally, the Numeric Keypad or WAXD are the only ways to do this. Various Objects react to getting hit by arrows. You have an unlimited supply of regular arrows.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Shooting Enchanted Arrows\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 First, activate the enchanted bow you wish to use by choosing 
\i Use an Item...
\i0  from the Game menu. The next arrow you shoot will come from the bow you just activated. After that, if you wish to shoot another enchanted arrow, you must activate the bow again. Enchanted bows only come with a limited arrow supply, unlike your regular bow.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Pushing and Pulling\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To push an Object, just move into it. It will also move, if it can. To pull an Object, hold Shift and move AWAY from it. It will follow you, if it can be pulled.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Seeing what you are carrying\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To see what Items (if any) you have in your possession, choose 
\i Show Inventory
\i0  from the 
\i Game
\i0  menu. A dialog box will appear, listing everything you can carry and what quantity you have.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Using Items you are carrying\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To use something you\'92re carrying that can be explicitly used (such as a Wand), choose 
\i Use an Item...
\i0  from the 
\i Game 
\i0 Menu. This will bring up a dialog listing what usable Items you have, as well as their quantities and uses - choose which one to use and click the 
\i OK
\i0  button. Unless you used an enchanted bow, a prompt will appear in the Message Area at the bottom: \'93
\i Click to set target
\i0 \'94. Click the square in the Maze where you wish the Item\'92s effect to occur, and it will be activated. If you realize you didn\'92t want to use something after all, press 
\i Escape
\i0 , and the action will be cancelled. If you try to use an Item but fail (for example, because the requirements for the target square were not met), a message will appear in the Message Area indicating what went wrong.\
\
Not all Items can be explicitly used in this way. Items that show up in the Inventory Dialog but not in the Use Dialog are used automatically when needed.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Getting Help
\b0 \
To find out what all the Objects do, choose 
\i Fantastle Help
\i0  from the 
\i Help
\i0  menu. This will bring up a window that you can leave open while playing the game, listing each object and a short description of how it works.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Controls in the Editor
\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 Moving Around and Identifying Objects\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To move the view around, drag the scroll bars on the left. To see more Objects to place, drag the scroll bars on the right. To change Floors and/or Levels, use the 
\i Up One Floor
\i0 , 
\i Up One Level
\i0 , 
\i Down One Floor
\i0 , and 
\i Down One Level
\i0  items in the 
\i Edit
\i0  menu.\
Shift+Click an object in the maze to identify it. Its name, along with any additional properties it has and the values of those properties, will be displayed in the message area.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Placing Objects\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To place an object, first select one in the right pane. Then, click the location in the maze where you want the object to go. If you need to change layers in order to place objects, this can be done via the 
\i Toggle Layer
\i0  option in the Edit menu.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Modifying The Maze Dimensions\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 Mazes can gain or lose Levels as they are edited. To add a new Level to a Maze, choose 
\i Add a Level...
\i0  from the 
\i Edit
\i0  menu. You will be prompted for the dimensions of the new Level. Likewise, removing levels can be accomplished via the 
\i Remove a Level...
\i0  item in the Edit menu. You\'92ll be prompted for the Level number to remove. Note that if you remove the current Level, you\'92ll be sent to Level 1. You cannot give a Maze more than 8 Levels.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Setting Object Properties\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To set the properties of an Object, if it has any, hold the Option (or Alt) key and click the Object in the Maze Pane on the left. If it has properties you can set, a dialog or a message will appear. If it has no properties, the message \'93
\i This object has no properties
\i0 \'94 will appear in the Message Area. Most Teleports will generate a message that says \'93
\i Click to set destination
\i0 \'94 - this is exactly like using an Item. Click the spot where you want the destination to be. If you\'92d like the destination to be on a Floor other than the current one, you can change Floors before clicking. Random Teleports will generate a dialog asking for the Random Row and Column radii. Pressing 
\i Escape
\i0  will cancel setting properties.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 The meanings of terms used in the Editor
\b0 \
Rows and Columns refer to the horizontal and vertical lines of squares making up the Maze Grid. Floors are stacks of Row/Column Grids. Levels are stacks of Floors. Finally, every Maze has 2 Layers - the Ground Layer (where Grass, Tile, and other types of ground belong) and the Object Layer (where everything else belongs).\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Controls in Battle
\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 Fighting Monsters\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To attack the enemy, either click the 
\i Attack
\i0  button, or press A on the keyboard. If you wish to attempt to flee, instead of attacking, click the 
\i Flee
\i0  button, or press F on the keyboard. Note that if your flee attempt fails, you\'92ll automatically attack instead.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Special Actions\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 Sometimes, when you attack (and also when the enemy attacks you), different things may occur. One of these is fumbling - if this occurs a random amount of damage will be dealt to the fumbler, based on the power of the weapon held. Attacks can hit with varying amounts of force, from pathetic to brutal. Attacks will sometimes pierce the armor of the defender too... so beware. Additionally, it is now possible for you (and the enemy) to act multiple times in the same round\'85 but only for regular attacks, not any other actions.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Casting Spells\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To cast a spell, assuming you have learned at least one, click the 
\i Cast Spell
\i0  button, or press C on the keyboard. The spell selection screen will appear. Select the spell you wish to cast, and click OK (or simply press Return on the keyboard). If you don\'92t know any spells, or don\'92t have enough MP to cast the spell you\'92re trying to cast, a message will be displayed indicating this.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Stealing Money\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To attempt to steal from the enemy, click the 
\i Steal Money
\i0  button, or press S on the keyboard. If the attempt succeeds, you'll be told how much money you stole. Beware, though - regardless of whether the steal attempt succeeds or fails, the enemy gets a free chance to hit you.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Using Items\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To use an item, click the 
\i Use an Item
\i0  button, or press I on the keyboard. Items do various things when used in battle, from healing you to damaging or incapacitating the enemy.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Draining the Enemy\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 To attempt to drain the enemy's MP, click the 
\i Drain Enemy
\i0  button, or press D on the keyboard. If the attempt succeeds, the enemy loses some MP, and you gain that lost MP. Beware, though - regardless of whether the drain attempt succeeds or fails, the enemy gets a free chance to hit you.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Victory! / Defeat!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 The battle ends when either you or the enemy has run out of HP. If you win, and do not lose any HP, you get a perfect fight bonus in the form of extra gold. If you lose, and fail to hurt the enemy, you get a different message compared to losing normally. If both you and the enemy run out of HP at the same time, the battle is declared a draw, and you get fully healed. If you gain enough XP to level up, a message will be displayed indicating this.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\i\b\fs36 \cf0 Controls while Shopping
\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 Buying Stuff\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 First select what you wish to buy, and then confirm that you want to buy it when the shopkeeper tells you how much Gold the item or service costs. If you lack the Gold to purchase whatever it was you tried to buy, you\'92ll get a message indicating this. The Weapons and Armor shops give some additional options for selecting exactly what you wish to buy (and, for one-handed weapons, where to equip the purchased item), before presenting a list of items to look through.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Using the Bank\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 The Bank, unlike other shops, stores money for later retrieval. It will tell you how much Gold you are carrying, as well as how much you currently have stored.
\f1 \
}